`Function` - Rename properties and methods to include `prototype` (#18200)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/function/length/index.md

---
{{JSRef}}

A {{jsxref("Function")}} object's **`length`** property indicates the number of parameters expected by the function.

{{EmbedInteractiveExample("pages/js/function-length.html")}}{{js_property_attributes(0,0,1)}}

## Description

A {{jsxref("Function")}} object's `length` property of a function object, indicates how many arguments that the function expects, i.e. the number of formal parameters. This number excludes the {{jsxref("Functions/rest_parameters", "rest parameter", "", 1)}} and only includes parameters before the first one with a default value. By contrast, {{jsxref("Functions/arguments/length", "arguments.length")}} is local to a function and provides the number of arguments actually passed to the function.

### Data property of the Function constructor

The {{jsxref("Function")}} constructor is itself a `Function` object. Its `length` data property has a value of `1`. The property attributes are: Writable: `false`, Enumerable: `false`, Configurable: `true`.

### Property of the Function prototype object

> The length property of the {{jsxref("Function")}} prototype object has a value of `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to historical reasons, `Function.prototype` is a callable itself. The `length` property of `Function.prototype` has a value of `0`.
```
